README.md, before:

McMaster_Notes
==============

Here I will host course summary notes for the courses I am currently taking, as a McMaster Software Engineering student, until each course has finished, when they'll be uploaded to the main website. Since they are frequently updated, it is easier to put them here than repetitively update the versions on the main website, https://sites.google.com/site/macengfifteen/

If you simply wish to view the notes, open the PDF files to reduce potential compatability issues when viewing the Math objects.

If you wish to collaborate, please request to be a collaborator by sending me an e-mail at [myusername]@gmail.com

---------------------

Collaborators:

Please also over-write the PDF versions of each file before submitting each commit.

If you need to input an equation, I want to make it as easy as possible, so you may attach it and I will convert it to MathType afterwards. As long as the equation is clear. For example, you could include:

-a link to a formula
  
-a page in a book
  
-MathType (optimal)
  
-scan of the equation on paper
  
-more

-----------------------

Sincerely,

goatandsheep

Commit message:

Don't fork! Clone!
This is supposed to be a shared platform for notes.

README.md, after:

McMaster_Notes
==============

Here I will host course summary notes for the courses I am currently taking, as a McMaster Software Engineering student, until each course has finished, when they'll be uploaded to the main website. Since they are frequently updated, it is easier to put them here than repetitively update the versions on the main website, https://sites.google.com/site/macengfifteen/

If you simply wish to view the notes, open the PDF files to reduce potential compatability issues when viewing the Math objects.

If you wish to collaborate, please do not fork this project. Instead, request to be a collaborator by sending me an e-mail at [myusername]@gmail.com, then *clone*!

---------------------

Collaborators:

Please also over-write the PDF versions of each file before submitting each commit.

If you need to input an equation, I want to make it as easy as possible, so you may attach it and I will convert it to MathType afterwards. As long as the equation is clear. For example, you could include:

-a link to a formula
  
-a page in a book
  
-MathType (optimal)
  
-scan of the equation on paper
  
-more

-----------------------

Sincerely,

goatandsheep
