Lecture 2016-01-12
====================

* Kemal Ahmed
* Instructor: 
* Course: Earth Sci 1G03

##Divergent Boundaries

Signs:

* lots of hot, spewing gases
* watch (10 minutes) documentary about Thingvellir in Iceland about plate tectonics and North American plate (Ian Stewart)
* Why there? Maybe like how when you shake a bottle around, the bubbles stay in the middle?? Nooo that's not at the pole.

Where water came from:

* Some came with Earth
* Some was from comets

Process:

* Colder, older rocks are more dense and lose the battle when plates come together
* Hills form when a plate is going under another, but some of it breaks off from friction, causing earthquakes

**Live Volcanoes**: Volcanoes on subduction zones. They can never erupt for years and still not be considered "dead"

Do plates ever join together? They seem to break apart a lot.

**Subduction**: Water can lower rocks melting point. When water from plates going over other plates goes under the plate, it gets really hot, rises, and melts the rocks above them

Plates can actually join each other in *convergent* boundaries when both plates are too light because neither can be pushed into the mantle. This causes HUGE mountains, like the Himalayas. No *subduction* happens. Earthquakes happen, but no subduction and the crust becomes too thick for magma to come up, so no volcanoes. Rarely happens between continent and continent

**Claim**: Canadian shield is an old, extinct mountain range, perhaps larger than the Himalayas

Transform boundaries only get earthquakes

Note: make table comparing the types of boundaries

Can you just measure the activities inside the earth using radiowaves or something?

**Silicates**: SiO_4

Crust: 2-10km thick, denser in ocean; 20-40km, lighter in continents